well there is no IgAN about who is the
man at the moment on the Grand Prix
circuit our own Mick Doohan if ever an
Australian looked like having the
potential to be world champion its Mick
and as Daryl Eastlake reports much of
the credit must go to his team
Geri verges and Vic doing wild one
dances in the spotlight the other pulls
the strings since 1989 this quietly
spoken Aussie twosome
have become the new power in motorcycle
racing we don't live out of each other's
pockets either you know he's trying to
win on trying to win the whole team and
Honda are trying to win and as long as
we all keep that objective in mind
there's no reason why we shouldn't
succeed he just sits back in the
background and does his own thing but he
he's fairly clever like when it comes to
setting the bike up you know I think my
bike always seems to work fairly good
touch with you know it's you know a lot
of that relates back to to Gerry in the
mechanics of course two weeks ago a rain
storm fell on the Suzuka circuit during
the opening laps of the final qualifying
session for the Japanese Grand Prix Mick
was running in a new engine and time was
running out on the track I don't think
the outcome of this is gonna be drastic
in any way the only pain in the backside
is the fact that some Mick his starting
from the second row but one station
became it looks like he was gonna be
starting from the hotel the journalist
and television crews got a bit of
excitement out of it I was confident
that we'd make it into the race it must
have been a time though that you were
seniors saying God whatever what's
happening I mean are we gonna get there
well you know to me it was either in or
we're out we've got to try and get in
first and then if we're not in then
we'll worry about that
there was no there's no point in
throwing the arms in the air when you're
out there trying to do it we had to just
keep going and keep trying and we made
it with plenty of time to spare I
realize it wasn't his fault you know two
laps anyone could
like I'm a second lap high side on the
cold tire so I also think it hoped for
Sunday because I had about an hour's
practice in the rain compared to
everyone else in it are there times
during a season where jury has to resort
to a little tender loving care to calm
his charger that's part of human nature
there they are they're trying to do
their best they often get frustrated
because things aren't going their way
perhaps lapped riders getting in their
way perhaps something silly happening to
the bike and and of course they are
pretty highly strung people they do get
excited from their midway through 89
we've seem to understand each other
fairly good you know he doesn't